clarify more about airbyte TiDB connector sync mode (#19359)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/integrate-tidbcloud-with-airbyte.md

## Limitations

> - The TiDB connector can not utilize the Change Data Capture (CDC) feature which TiCDC provides. The incremental sync is cursor based underneath.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The TiDB connector cannot use the Change Data Capture (CDC) feature provided by TiCDC. The incremental sync is performed based on a cursor mechanism.
```

> - The TiDB connector can not utilize the Change Data Capture (CDC) feature which TiCDC provides. The incremental sync it supports is cursor based underneath.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The TiDB connector can not utilize the Change Data Capture (CDC) feature which TiCDC provides. The incremental sync is cursor based underneath.
```
